#### Location: ARENA2036

#### Handler: Thomas

#### Today Tasks:
1. Continue working with AC Robot
2. Recalibrate the Tool Frame 4 (Spindel) and Tool Frame 3 (Camera)
3. Reteach all necessary points and User Frames
4. Camera calibration
5. Configure all points with the ISRA Cam
#### To Do:
1. 

#### Notes:
- Camera Calibration:
	- The calibration plate is used to calibrate the camera
	- (To be continued)
- Configure points with camera:
	- Add new product
	- Workflow with test
	- Just continue all of the needed steps. The details can be edited later
	- Edit the product
	- Configure coordinate system, contour detection and detection settings
	- Sometimes if some reason when configuring/ editing a product is not working or the system crashed, the position of the robot can be the issue. The cables on the camera can be pulled so hard by the robot and it can cause some problems. To fix this problem, configure the points in a different orientation so the cable not get pulled by the robot. Then, just repeat the process to configure the product.
- Configure Coordinate System:
	- Input the user frame or in this case application coordinate system for the specific side of the fixture. If the User Frames calibrated correctly on the robot, they should be relative to base/ word coordinate system (Refer to [[The User-Defined Coordinate Systems (User Frames)]]):
		- User Frame 40: Left Fixture
		- User Frame 45: Right Fixture
	- Input the robot tool flange position relative to base/ world coordinate system. In Teach Pendant it should be set to User Frame 0 and Tool Frame 1 first, before the input.
- 